Create stdlib/toml.jou, a TOML parser (#1260)
Akuli/jou: tests/toml/README.md

# TOML Test Suite

> This directory contains scripts and configuration to test Jou's `stdlib/toml.jou`

Author: ```suggestion
This directory contains everything needed to test Jou's `stdlib/toml.jou`
```
